Ariadne Codegen 0.8 release announcement (#158)
mirumee/ariadne-website: website/blog/2023-08-22-ariadne-codegen-0-8.md

---
title: Ariadne Codegen 0.8
---

Ariadne Codegen 0.8 has been released!

> This release brings support for file uploads, pydantic v2 compliance, improved custom scalars handling, and more features and fixes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release brings support for file uploads, pydantic v2 compliance, improved custom scalars handling, and few other features and fixes.
```
